It is the last time
I entered the world of my favorite games
Advance into the semifinals of the yearning
I hate rice stocks
Announcing the beginning of a rant
The hero secured an ordinary seemingly everywhere
There is the day before
Team eliminated
So-called 03
It also becomes
Aspect of the day when such a hero is present
For some reason there is a sense of awareness there is a ban
Such an adventure is waiting
Don't worry
Originally
Mar's got it
It is not permitted to go to the park
This book will not have a color
Same 24 minutes I thought I usually needed
Be a person
I will not
It can not be helped
We are advancing the necessary things
It will be broadcast in the following
We will notify you soon
This
7 years
Starting from where to choose the white and black Oishi
Depending on which one you choose
4 each in power
In the professional world
I took a break
Various systems
I got in two
To do
Inhabitant South Town first conquest
No payout
The team dropped 9-4
I belonged to Seibu
A new mind
Creditworthiness
But